welcome to HD toy theater table looking
at the kotobukiya DC Comics bishoujo
statue of poison ivy she's a 17 scale
statue made a PVC plastic very nicely
sculpted impress a paint job one of the
best in the series to date so let's dive
in and see what she is all about stairs
poison ivy she's done in the buso Joe
style which means pretty girl in Japan
it is an anime / manga style of
illustration and it's done by the
artwork of sheenia yamashita a very
popular pessoa style artist and harry is
poison ivy is very sexy seductive pose
one of the best looking figures to date
a lot of the figure has a lot of accents
to her plant controlling powers in the
hair in her costume the subtle little
wines going around her arm like a like
jewelry instead of actual Julie done in
weeds and whatnot very very cool you can
see that the hair has that kind of a
viney kind of flow to it very very cool
let's take a look at the head real quick
to get up close and personal
as you can see she has a few different
elements in rare so really thick leaves
there and she has little flowers skin
color is very light d saturated green
for the skin and there's some subtle
shading integrated in so as much as a
flat color and she looks really really
eerie because of it so her skin colors
pretty cool so let's take a look at her
her top overall costume here on the abs
and whatnot pretty cool leafy appearance
so subtle shading in there so it's not
just a flat color very deep forest green
some dark areas as well and then around
goes all the way around the back and
going down more goodness on her boots
just as a much just as much detail and
color treatment like the like your top
very cool nice colors now the really
cool thing about this I think is the
base for a little vine monster thing
going on here vine pet I guess you can
call it each one have kind of a head and
tongue sticking out some sharp teeth
going on what it feels alive nice
texture even this is not a flat color
just like some multiple different colors
integrated with the plant pet that she
has here and her base she's standing on
a basic black base here and it's pretty
attached so you not to worry about doing
it yourself really nice base one of the
best basis in the best sergio line for
the DC Comics girls really
nice another thing to point out is her
fingernails are actually done in a cloth
type of green so it's not flat green
graduating else has a little shine to it
so the little differences in the paint
application flat colors glossy colors
the big leaves on her in her hair
actually glossy have a glossy finish to
it no really really cool diverse paint
application another cool thing to point
out is that some of the tentacles of the
plant pet or wrapping around our upper
thighs add a little more sexy to this
PVC statue really really cool
poison ivy is to scale with the other
PVC DC comic bishoujo statutes I got a
couple here Wonder Woman and Batgirl
extra and they all look great together
final thoughts on this statute
definitely want I'll recommend let me
just say that promotional images of this
statute do not do this figure justice
you really got to see in a hand so you
appreciate it and it's definitely one of
the best play in my top five and the
bass ojo line of figures between among
the DC and Marvel passaggio statues
really one of the most impressive
overall great sculpting diverse paint
application just stylish overall
definitely want to recommend for about
59 99 and you get it now in your local
comic book store so hope you guys join
your view hit like just like enter
comment check out my other videos
subscribe if you haven't already check
out HT toy theater calm and we'll see
you next time